---
title: Terms of Service
---

# Terms of Service

## 1. Terms

By accessing the website at
https://thesemetrics.org, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all
applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for
compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any
of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site.
The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable
copyright and trademark law.

## 2. Use License

1. Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the
   materials (information or software) on TheseMetrics' website for
   personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of
   a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may
   not:

   1. modify or copy the materials;
   1. use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
   1. attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on
      TheseMetrics' website;
   1. remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
   1. transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials
      on any other server.

1. This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these
   restrictions and may be terminated by TheseMetrics at any time. Upon
   terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of
   this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your
   possession whether in electronic or printed format.

## 3. Disclaimer

1. The materials on TheseMetrics' website are provided on an 'as is'
   basis. TheseMetrics makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and
   hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without
   limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability,
   fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual
   property or other violation of rights.

1. Further, TheseMetrics does not warrant or make any representations
   concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of
   the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials
   or on any sites linked to this site.

## 4. Limitations

In no event shall TheseMetrics or its suppliers be liable for any
damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or
profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or
inability to use the materials on TheseMetrics' website, even if
TheseMetrics or a TheseMetrics authorized representative has been
notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because
some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or
limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these
limitations may not apply to you.

## 5. Accuracy of materials

The materials appearing on TheseMetrics' website could include
technical, typographical, or photographic errors. TheseMetrics does not
warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete
or current. TheseMetrics may make changes to the materials contained on
its website at any time without notice. However TheseMetrics does not
make any commitment to update the materials.

## 6. Links

TheseMetrics has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and
is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The
inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by TheseMetrics of the
site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.

## 7. Modifications

TheseMetrics may revise these terms of service for its website at any
time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound
by the then current version of these terms of service.

## 8. Governing Law

These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of India and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.

This policy is effective as of 25 July 2020.
